Now let's finish styling our menu item component so what we need to add to make this component look
like this component is a white background for our content.
A hover effect that increases the size of the background image as well as a transition in the opacity
of that content box whenever we hover over it.
So how do we do that.
Well first let's go to our menu item component and let's go to our styles in our content.
We are going to add a background color of white and an opacity of zero point seven
and now when we look at our app we see that we have that background.
As for the font let's go to Google fonts and let's look for open Sands condense we're going to add that
to our selection and then we'll copy this link that Google provides us.
Then let's go into our index dot HMO and add it right here underneath are other links that were provided
for us now inside of our app dot CSI us.
Let's add a rule where our font family in our body so everything inside of our body tags we want to
use open sand condense OK.
Now if we look our application or sorry our content box is styled the way that it was before.
So how do we capitalize the title while because we're writing javascript we can actually use any javascript
method that exists on strings.
So because we know our title of the string we can call to uppercase and this will uppercase our text
and as far as our hover transition goes this is gonna be a bit of CSI us that I will explain but I don't
want to go too in-depth about it but I'll definitely cover enough that everything should make sense.
So what we're gonna do is we are actually going to add a new component first to our menu item component
so our background image we want it whenever we hover over our menu item to increase.
Right.
So we're going to add this class name of background image onto this div and this div is going to get
that style instead of our containing div.
Now the reason for this is because we actually don't want this image when it scales to be bigger.
Right.
We just want to see the effect get bigger with in our div when we hover over it.
So the issue here is that some of you might think why don't we just wrap this div around our content
while the problem is if we increase the size of this div.
We don't want this to also increase.
We want the size of our content stay exactly the same.
So if we do this and we go into our styles we're going to add that background image selector and we're
gonna give it a width of one hundred percent a height of one hundred percent so that that image is always
the size of our container.
Right.
Wouldn't matter what our menu item container size becomes whether it's large or whether it's regular.
We wanted to always have and share the same time mentions so then we want to move those background properties
off of our div and onto our background image and now if we look we'll see that it looks like our content
is actually inside as a sibling but we don't want this.
We want our content to always be in the center of our actual menu item.
So what we're gonna do is we're going to add a display or so when I'm out of position absolute and position
absolute is saying that no matter what happens no matter what other elements are on the page the position
of this content will always be what ever the position calculation will be.
So it's kind of like if we were to add like a right value of 100 pixels which would mean that it's coming
in from the right side by 100 pixels we're saying that those are the only things that go into the calculation
of the position of our content right.
Nothing else.
So now if we look we'll see that our content is always in the center and now our background image has
no children.
Because this removes this from the flow of the elements of our menu item.
So now the background image is the only item that's getting calculated in its flow so it doesn't consider
this anymore and now it's taking up the whole size of our menu item.
Now we need that hover effect and the hover effect is actually going to go in the menu item so I actually
have that code written for you right here.
And let's paste that in and take a look at what it does so we're saying that using this hover selector
right for menu item when you hover over it I want the cursor to go to a pointer instead of a arrow.
We want the finger and then inside of that we're saying that any element with the class background image
we want to give it a transform property of scaling it by 1.
So whenever we hover we want to scale any background image inside of it by one point one.
So essentially one point one times the size of the current image.
Right.
And then our transition property is saying that we want to target the transform.
So whenever it scales we want to take 6 seconds and then we want to use a cubic bezel a value of this.
So cubic Basa is a pretty complicated math calculation which determines the speed in which this transformation
occurs.
Now it's gonna be a lot to kind of explain this and it's quite a big detour but you can.
I'm gonna give you a link that will show you how you can understand what cubit basis does but it just
enables us to have a smoother transition as far as our transform goes.
And then we're also saying we want to change our content opacity to zero point nine whenever we hover
over it.
Now if we look we see that our image is growing right.
But it seems to be growing outside of the size of our menu item.
So this is an overflow and we don't want that right.
But we're getting that effect.
So what we're going to do on our menu item is we're gonna do overflow hit it and now if we look we'll
see that we have our transition effect and just like that our menu item now looks like our final product
now before we continue let's just commit all our changes.
Let's go back to our terminal and let's just add everything that we've done so we have broken our home
page into smaller components and then we also finished styling our menu item component OK and now let's
push to master
awesome.
OK now that we finished styling our menu item and our home page we're going to tackle routing and how
we're going to render different pages in the next lesson.